V4.3.4
Add hardware driver for Z motherboard

V4.3.5
1. Independently optimize the EX axis function to support the Lerdge-Z motherboard
2. Improve the expansion interface driver of the Lerdge-Z motherboard
3. Re-set the default parameters according to the TMC2226 driver, and restore the correct parameters of the iX machine by restoring the factory settings

V4.3.6
1. Adjust the corresponding relationship between the automatic leveling points and the leveling algorithm.
       Set the leveling point to 0, the system disables the automatic leveling function
       Set the number of leveling points to 1, and the system uses the plane equation algorithm to level with three-point sampling
       Set the number of leveling points to 2, the system adopts bilinear algorithm, leveling through four-point sampling
       Set the number of leveling points n (2<n<32), the system adopts grid bilinear algorithm, and leveling through n*n points sampling
2. Adjust the material detection logic to reduce the suspension problem caused by misreporting that the consumables are exhausted.

V4.3.6.1
1. Remove the check of the effective number of detection points, and solve the problem that some users feedback that they cannot be detected normally after the automatic leveling exceeds 3 points.

V4.4.1
1. The internal storage space is re-planned. After updating the firmware, you must restore the factory settings and reset and level them.
2. Rewrite the material detection filter algorithm to reduce the false alarm rate of material detection (currently in the test version)
3. Increase the mileage statistics of each axis, which can be viewed in the system information (currently in the test version)
4. Change the high-level duration of the pulse signal of each axis from the original fixed 3us to a dynamic change with the pulse frequency, so as to be better compatible with more drives
5. Reduce the pulse upper limit frequency of each axis, from the original 180Khz to 150Khz (mainly a compromise made to be compatible with the dynamic adjustment of the pulse time)
6. Add the function of automatically raising the Z axis after exiting the leveling interface to prevent the possibility of directly heating the print head after leveling and causing the printing platform to be scalded
7. Add the homing icon indication function on the main interface
8. Optimize the tool setting accuracy during pause and unexpected power failure, after saving the printing progress, when continuing to print
9. Added support for M73 command to display remaining time (for prusaslicer slicing software)
10. Fix the bug that the temperature is reset to zero when resuming printing after the temperature error is paused
11. Repair the recovery error bug that occurs when the refueling action is not completed and clicks to continue printing when the refueling is suspended
12. Fix some display errors

V4.4.2(BETA1)
1. Add the thumbnail function that supports PrusaSlicer slicing software
2. Try to solve the memory read crash or error reported by some users. The current solution direction may be memory overflow (under test)